Clarify requirements on CSAF content management systems (#1508)
oasis-tcs/csaf: csaf_2.1/prose/edit/src/conformance-01-cls-06-content-management-system.md

Reviewer: Why are we not requiring the TLP here?

Author: the whole section is a bit confusing. what is the intent of listing TLP here? if its already set, I don't really need to update it? Or should it update the document if the value is not set (but its not worded that way)

Reviewer: The second requires the system to support certain steps a user has to do anyway when creating a new version (so hopefully changing the license does not belong to this :wink:)

As a user of the system, I might want to share drafts default as "TLP:AMBER+Strict" (quite usual during coordination) and just change to TLP:CLEAR when going into a released version.
And I realize that this use case might make it necessary to add another requirement...

  - `$['$schema']` with the value prescribed by the schema
  - `$.document.csaf_version` with the value prescribed by the schema

>   - `$.document.distribution.tlp.label` with a default of `TLP:CLEAR`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - `$.document.distribution.tlp.label` (based on the templates from configuration; default: "TLP:CLEAR")
```
